MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
jocular/RA_and_Dec.py
jocular/__init__.py
jocular/aligner.py
jocular/annotator.py
jocular/appearance.py
jocular/ascom.py
jocular/badpixelmap.py
jocular/calcs.py
jocular/calibrator.py
jocular/camera.py
jocular/capture.py
jocular/capturescript.py
jocular/catalogues.py
jocular/component.py
jocular/device.py
jocular/devicemanager.py
jocular/dso.py
jocular/exposurechooser.py
jocular/filterchooser.py
jocular/filterwheel.py
jocular/formwidgets.py
jocular/gradient.py
jocular/gui.py
jocular/image.py
jocular/jocular.py
jocular/metadata.py
jocular/metrics.py
jocular/monochrome.py
jocular/multispectral.py
jocular/notes.py
jocular/objectio.py
jocular/observations.py
jocular/observinglist.py
jocular/platesolver.py
jocular/reticle.py
jocular/ring.py
jocular/session.py
jocular/settingsmanager.py
jocular/snapshotter.py
jocular/stacker.py
jocular/status.py
jocular/stretch.py
jocular/table.py
jocular/telescope.py
jocular/tooltip.py
jocular/uranography.py
jocular/utils.py
jocular/view.py
jocular/widgets.py
jocular.egg-info/PKG-INFO
jocular.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
jocular.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
jocular.egg-info/entry_points.txt
jocular.egg-info/requires.txt
jocular.egg-info/top_level.txt
jocular/cameras/__init__.py
jocular/cameras/ascomcamera.py
jocular/cameras/asicamera.py
jocular/cameras/genericcamera.py
jocular/cameras/simulatorcamera.py
jocular/cameras/sxcamera.py
jocular/cameras/ultrastar.py
jocular/cameras/watchedcamera.py
jocular/dsos/ACO.csv
jocular/dsos/Arp.csv
jocular/dsos/ArpMadore.csv
jocular/dsos/BN.csv
jocular/dsos/DN.csv
jocular/dsos/GC.csv
jocular/dsos/Hickson.csv
jocular/dsos/OCs_new.csv
jocular/dsos/PN.csv
jocular/dsos/RN.csv
jocular/dsos/Shakhbazian.csv
jocular/dsos/VV.csv
jocular/dsos/WBL.csv
jocular/dsos/distant_quasars.csv
jocular/dsos/flat_galaxies.csv
jocular/dsos/galaxies_IC.csv
jocular/dsos/galaxies_Messier.csv
jocular/dsos/galaxies_NGC.csv
jocular/dsos/missing_messiers.csv
jocular/dsos/pcg.csv
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_1.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_10.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_11.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_12.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_13.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_14.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_15.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_16.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_17.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_18.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_19.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_2.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_20.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_21.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_22.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_23.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_24.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_3.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_4.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_5.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_6.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_7.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_8.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/L_9.fit
jocular/example_captures/Arp 186/info3.json
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/L_12.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/info3.json
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_1.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_17.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_18.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_19.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_2.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_20.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_3.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_B_15000ms_4.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_21.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_22.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_23.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_24.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_5.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_6.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_7.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_G_15000ms_8.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_13.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_14.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_15.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_16.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_29.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_30.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_31.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_L_15000ms_32.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_10.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_11.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_12.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_25.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_26.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_27.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_28.fit
jocular/example_captures/Messier 8/light_R_15000ms_9.fit
jocular/resources/ASICamera2.dll
jocular/resources/Roboto-Medium.ttf
jocular/resources/gui.json
jocular/resources/jocular4.ttf
jocular/resources/libASICamera2.dylib.1.18
jocular/resources/libASICamera2.so.1.18
jocular/resources/libusb-1.0.dll
jocular/resources/object_types.json
kivymd_latest/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/_version.py
kivymd_latest/app.py
kivymd_latest/color_definitions.py
kivymd_latest/factory_registers.py
kivymd_latest/font_definitions.py
kivymd_latest/icon_definitions.py
kivymd_latest/material_resources.py
kivymd_latest/theming.py
kivymd_latest/theming_dynamic_text.py
kivymd_latest/effects/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/effects/fadingedge/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/effects/fadingedge/fadingedge.py
kivymd_latest/effects/roulettescroll/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/effects/roulettescroll/roulettescroll.py
kivymd_latest/effects/stiffscroll/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/effects/stiffscroll/stiffscroll.py
kivymd_latest/toast/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/toast/androidtoast/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/toast/androidtoast/androidtoast.py
kivymd_latest/toast/kivytoast/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/toast/kivytoast/kivytoast.py
kivymd_latest/tools/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/tools/argument_parser.py
kivymd_latest/tools/hotreload/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/tools/hotreload/app.py
kivymd_latest/tools/packaging/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/tools/packaging/pyinstaller/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/tools/packaging/pyinstaller/hook-kivymd.py
kivymd_latest/tools/patterns/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/tools/patterns/create_project.py
kivymd_latest/uix/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/anchorlayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/boxlayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/carousel.py
kivymd_latest/uix/circularlayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/floatlayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/gridlayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/relativelayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/screen.py
kivymd_latest/uix/stacklayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/taptargetview.py
kivymd_latest/uix/widget.py
kivymd_latest/uix/backdrop/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/backdrop/backdrop.py
kivymd_latest/uix/banner/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/banner/banner.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/backgroundcolor_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/elevation.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/focus_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/hover_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/magic_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/ripple_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/toggle_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/behaviors/touch_behavior.py
kivymd_latest/uix/bottomnavigation/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/bottomnavigation/bottomnavigation.py
kivymd_latest/uix/bottomsheet/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/bottomsheet/bottomsheet.py
kivymd_latest/uix/button/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/button/button.py
kivymd_latest/uix/card/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/card/card.py
kivymd_latest/uix/chip/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/chip/chip.py
kivymd_latest/uix/datatables/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/datatables/datatables.py
kivymd_latest/uix/dialog/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/dialog/dialog.py
kivymd_latest/uix/dropdownitem/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/dropdownitem/dropdownitem.py
kivymd_latest/uix/expansionpanel/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/expansionpanel/expansionpanel.py
kivymd_latest/uix/filemanager/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/filemanager/filemanager.py
kivymd_latest/uix/fitimage/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/fitimage/fitimage.py
kivymd_latest/uix/imagelist/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/imagelist/imagelist.py
kivymd_latest/uix/label/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/label/label.py
kivymd_latest/uix/list/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/list/list.py
kivymd_latest/uix/menu/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/menu/menu.py
kivymd_latest/uix/navigationdrawer/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/navigationdrawer/navigationdrawer.py
kivymd_latest/uix/navigationrail/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/navigationrail/navigationrail.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/colorpicker/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/colorpicker/colorpicker.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/datepicker/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/datepicker/datepicker.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/timepicker/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/pickers/timepicker/timepicker.py
kivymd_latest/uix/progressbar/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/progressbar/progressbar.py
kivymd_latest/uix/refreshlayout/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/refreshlayout/refreshlayout.py
kivymd_latest/uix/selection/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/selection/selection.py
kivymd_latest/uix/selectioncontrol/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/selectioncontrol/selectioncontrol.py
kivymd_latest/uix/slider/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/slider/slider.py
kivymd_latest/uix/snackbar/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/snackbar/snackbar.py
kivymd_latest/uix/spinner/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/spinner/spinner.py
kivymd_latest/uix/swiper/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/swiper/swiper.py
kivymd_latest/uix/tab/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/tab/tab.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/rotatewidget/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/rotatewidget/rotatewidget.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/scalewidget/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/scalewidget/scalewidget.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/stencilwidget/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/templates/stencilwidget/stencilwidget.py
kivymd_latest/uix/textfield/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/textfield/textfield.py
kivymd_latest/uix/toolbar/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/toolbar/toolbar.py
kivymd_latest/uix/tooltip/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/tooltip/tooltip.py
kivymd_latest/uix/transition/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/uix/transition/transition.py
kivymd_latest/utils/__init__.py
kivymd_latest/utils/asynckivy.py
kivymd_latest/utils/fitimage.py
kivymd_latest/utils/fpsmonitor.py
kivymd_latest/utils/set_bars_colors.py